README.md, before:

# papirus-netapp
A Network appliance for the PaPiRus from PiSupply

I have now cleaned up some of the code.

Recent Changes (7th October 2017)

1) Added code to fetch the runtime path, now you can run this from a directory of your choosing.
2) Fixed some of the display code so it looks a little better when running
3) Added install.sh - So you can now clone the repo and run sudo ./install.sh to get all the python libraries installed 


------
# Using this App
1) Clone the repository
2) Install the pre-requisits
2.1) You can now sudo ./install.sh to install everything you need on the Raspberry Pi.
3) Run python main.py

This assumes that you have already installed all the PaPiRus bits and have the screen working on your Raspberry Pi.


-----
# Required Software

sudo apt-get install python-matplotlib python-nmap

sudo pip install matplotlib

sudo pip install gpiozero

sudo pip install speedtest-cli

sudo pip install ipgetter

sudo pip install statistics

sudo pip install ascii_graph

sudo pip install pexpect

sudo pip install nmap

sudo pip install matplotlib

Commit message:

Headless mode - run without a screen, keyboard or mouse. Reboot and power off options added

README.md, after:

# papirus-netapp
A Network appliance for the PaPiRus from PiSupply

I have now cleaned up some of the code and added a new menu to run the Appliance headless.

Recent Changes (7th October 2017)

1) Added code to fetch the runtime path, now you can run this from a directory of your choosing.
2) Fixed some of the display code so it looks a little better when running
3) Added install.sh - So you can now clone the repo and run sudo ./install.sh to get all the python libraries installed 
4) Headless mode added - See Menu Structure below

------
# Using this App
1) Clone the repository
2) Install the pre-requisits
2.1) You can now sudo ./install.sh to install everything you need on the Raspberry Pi.
3) Run python main.py

# Running the Applicance code on Raspberry Pi Reboot

```shell
sudo crontab -e
```

add a line like

```
@reboot python /home/pi/papirus-netapp/main.py
```

change the path to match where you cloned the repo too.


-----

This assumes that you have already installed all the PaPiRus bits and have the screen working on your Raspberry Pi.

# Menu structure
* 1) Go to Advanced Menu
* 2) Scan for Raspberry Pi's
* 3) Show Speed Graph
* 4) Run a speed test
# Advanced Menu
* 1) Back to Main Menu
* 2) Power off the Appliance
* 3) Reboot the Appliance


-----
# Required Software

sudo apt-get install python-matplotlib python-nmap

sudo pip install matplotlib

sudo pip install gpiozero

sudo pip install speedtest-cli

sudo pip install ipgetter

sudo pip install statistics

sudo pip install ascii_graph

sudo pip install pexpect

sudo pip install nmap

sudo pip install matplotlib
